Stratum
Advanced Elementor widgets, unique styling options, and more extras for the best WordPress page builder.

Stratum Widgets for Elementor: Powerful, Lightweight, Creative
Elementor is a design-focused WordPress page builder. Stratum takes its capabilities even further with a collection of functional addons,
 now with better performance and improved styling features.

Stratum is a collection of 20+ premium-like free Elementor widgets, with some advanced features offered as premium. 
Supporting the best latest practices of performance and user interface design, Stratum gives you all you need to build landing pages,
 business pages, creative portfolios, and any website type you set your mind to.

Stratum inherits default styles from your WordPress theme, no matter which one you use, helping you keep visual consistency sitewide.

Some widgets perfectly integrate with Template Library, giving you a chance to use your custom-styled or theme-sourced
 content elements with Stratum's widgets for Elementor.


Why Do I Need Stratum?

One-stop Widgets Collection for Business Websites
Create a business presentation page that converts - Stratum Elementor extras has a widget for every need.

Add and design impressive Headings, showcase social proof with Testimonials, simplify data presentation with Pricing tables,
 employ Progress bars, showcase recent news with Posts, design call-to-action sections, display features, and more. 
Give these widgets a truly tailored look with the extensive customization options!

Powerful Visuals: Banners, Flip Boxes, Sliders
Backed by the best digital experiences, Elementor addons by Stratum are ready to give your site a fresh, creative look.

Create and customize Masonry galleries, animated Banners, interactive Flip Boxes, Image Hotspot solutions, and more fantastic tools.
 Many premium-like widgets are free in Stratum while they are usually paid in some best Elementor addons or Elementor itself. So why not save up some money?


Jumpstart Your WordPress Site with Elementor & Stratum
Your new tool to design better and faster in Elementor. Download Stratum and get ALL powerful widgets today for free.

Download

